intro:

 a self-driving car can drive itself in some or even all situations, but a human passenger must always be present and ready to take control . Self-driving cars can drive themselves in some of the world's most dangerous situations . A human passenger is always needed to be in control of the car when it takes control of it, but must be there at all times . A driver must also be in the passenger seat at the wheel of the vehicle at any given time of any given given a driver is always in control, but he must be present at any point . A passenger is also required to be present when the car is driving itself in any of the driving situations in order to make sure it is safe to drive itself itself safely and safely .


example:

 The latest blueprints suggest that a fully autonomous level 5 car will not have a dashboard or a steering wheel . A human passenger would not even have the option to take control of the vehicle in an emergency . A fully autonomous car will also have no steering wheel or dashboard or steering wheel, so a human passenger could not even take control in emergency situations . The car will be fully autonomous and will be controlled by a driver or two-person autonomous driving force, according to the blueprints of the car's blueprints . The blueprints are expected to be released in the next decade . The technology could be used to develop a range of autonomous cars around the world, starting in the US in the U.S. and Europe in the future .


history:

 The physical machinery is accompanied by a logical capability layer in the form of operating systems that helps to guide the vehicles itself and make it autonomous . when it comes to digital technologies, the physical machinery will be accompanied by an operating system that helps guide the vehicle itself . The technology layer is also known as the "autonomous operating system" in the vehicle's control systems . The operating system is designed to make the vehicles more autonomous and self-autonomous, but not to be controlled by the car's software, it can also be operated by a driver or an operator. when it is fully-automated, the software will be used to control the car itself and other parts of the vehicle. When it is finished, the vehicle will be driven by an operator


syntax:

 The cars are subject to geofencing, unlike a fully autonomous level 5 car that could go anywhere .    the cars are not subject to fully autonomous control, but they are subject only to geoffencing . The cars will be able to go anywhere at any time, but not fully autonomous, they will be geofenced by the end of the year . They will be controlled by a driver and a passenger in the next generation of cars that can go anywhere in the future . The technology is not a fully-autonomous car, but it is a vehicle that could drive anywhere at all times, it could be a car that can drive anywhere in a matter of time, it can be controlled with a driver or passenger control .


